combining strength with flexibility Is
My Jam but I did not used to be able to
do that hip pain by training for my
middle splits with improper form I
managed to really impinge my hip your
hip is shaped like this so when you go
out ooh ouch impingement but all you
have to do to fix that is externally
rotate your legs and you're allowed to
go much deeper without impingement but
either way the damage was done and I had
the pain that came with it this is one
of the many reasons that I've been
working on a joint health supplement I
find it crazy how much people are
charging for these kinds of things I see
people charging sometimes two to three
dollars per serving on a joint health
supplement that is half as good I truly
do believe that these things should be
accessible to everybody so once this
comes out you can expect me to charge
hopefully around 75 cents per serving if
you want to be the first to know when
this comes out download any one of my
free ebooks and I'll let you know stay
flexy